[Music]
Hello, how are you all, families and
dear Telesalseo lovers, delighted to
be here with you one more day. In
another video, this week
a lot of things are coming out and a lot of new information
regarding Daniel Sancho, we will be
commenting on it. Also, this weekend I will
tell you the time and day we are going to have
a live show with our Trium because I think
that well I think and we consider that there is
more than enough information to
discuss in a live show and you all
love bringing Trium and I love
bringing it so this weekend it
will probably be Sunday, but I will let you
know there will be a live show with Trium Art
commenting on all the news. Okay, I'm going to
start in order. I'm going to start in
order because I left a lot of things
behind. I have to apologize. I have
the medical report as I said in another
video previously. And well, those of you
who follow me in the live shows already know
that I had a
tremendous toothache, okay, my wisdom tooth was giving me sharp pains.
Pin Pin Pin Pin and they
had to remove it immediately,
okay, the tooth was  my tooth was there
to see it okay ugly horrible In total they have
removed my tooth I have
survived the truth is that it is very
unpleasant the people in the live shows
told me nothing happens It's just you don't
understand anything you just go you feel
a pressure it was unpleasant let's see
you feel the little prick and strong two
strong pricks and the pull well it was
unpleasant yes it's true that it
left me feeling bad In addition I had
already been in pain for a few hours
and I was feeling a
little bad but Well finally I am
getting back on my feet and little by little I am
getting back to what we had stopped
okay well the Daniel
Sancho issue leaves a lot of things behind
let's deal with them in chronological order
First this headline the Thai prosecutor's office
concludes the report and accuses
Daniel Sancho of premeditated murder and
concealment of the body the same crimes
eh what it practically seems that he has
done or rather the prosecutor's office also does not have to
do eh juggling to
find this out before reading the article
and tell you the news because yes there is
a news in this article I am going to
remind you all  and to ask you all
please to subscribe to the Channel okay
completely free boom
subscribe button and that I gave myself a good like
and that you are commenting in the
comments box Well everything that you are going to
say because I like to read you and I
like that between you all well you are
debating the community I do not like to
know or know your opinion let's get to it It
turns out to be in parts okay the
prosecutor's office had to deliver the report
that report was expected to be delivered
on Thursday that here in Spain It would be
more or less Friday finally it has been brought
forward a day and they have delivered it
earlier okay You already know that the police
delivered the report several days ago
if I'm not mistaken I think that I think it was already
a week ago a little more than a
week well now it was
the prosecutor's turn with that police report to
make their determinations not to release
this report this report was brought forward
a day and we already have it in this report It is
confirmed Well basically what there is
no Daniel premeditated murder and
concealment of the body here there is a
problem okay And here Daniel
has it well the defense of  Daniel
has a very difficult time defending here
that there was no premeditation eh that it was a
fight as they were saying and then
the fight was reckless homicide not
an accident let's say no that he wouldn't have
that much shame okay the translations are
horrible in this same article You're going to
see something that will leave you headfirst
boom what are you going to say Well what have
we read what is this So as
Triu already said in one of our live streams it's
quite likely that what the
police confirm that there was a fight a
fight could be an argument between two
people or so that is what is being talked about It's not that
in fact Daniel when he narrates the
episode not in that video that has circulated
so much no and that has been so viral of the
reconstruction Daniel himself is already
telling you that there is a fight but a
verbal fight a verbal fight in which
he initiates the blows also a blow from
that guy let's say when I saw the
movements like that in the videos of the
reconstruction that guy literally kills you
with his hands okay I mean it's that
Ewin Arrieta No matter how much he
tried to defend himself in that fight he had no
chance okay eh There is not the same
capacity okay in a fight So
nothing  Premeditation is what I think there is,
a little bit more play there,
Daniel's defense of trying to
fight it, okay, claiming that well,
anyone can buy knives at the
supermarket, that he's a cook and all that, okay,
I see it as very shameless, I think it's
going to be difficult for the judge to
swallow that, but
anyway, if he swallows, what's going to
change a little, okay. But well, let the
judge swallow that's why, for me, he bought,
for me, he bought the murder kit,
yes, the bags, that the film is not here.
Well, but that's what I see, being a little
realistic, that's the only thing they could do there,
a little fight, fight, that doesn't
mean they'll get it, okay, and then the
concealment of the body, well, that would
also be a charge and now we
find ourselves with something that I'm
a little bit confused about, so I don't know how to
interpret this, no, because we're talking about
a new crime, a new crime that here
in Spain would not be punishable, but
apparently in the penal code of
Thailand, yes, that would be taking
Win Arrieta's documentation after
proceeding to his murder and the subsequent disposal
of his corpse, okay, eh, it would be a crime of
hide Win's documentation
but it's that Look what it says I'm going to
read you the full text The prosecutor assured
that he has ratified the crimes of the
police murder with premeditation and
concealment of the body but he added a
new crime taking the
documentation of ewin Arrieta after
proceeding to his murder and the subsequent
disappearance of his body, that is to say here he
is telling you saying here he is
telling you that the prosecutor adds a new
crime but now look at the
next paragraph the theft of
the victim's documentation which in
Spain is not classified is
considered a crime according to the penal code
of Thailand however in the report that
the Thai prosecutor's office presented
this Wednesday he has not been
charged with this crime finally, I mean
let's see it is telling you in one
paragraph the prosecutor adds a new crime
and in the next paragraph here in B
populi it tells you
eh the prosecutor finally does not, does not include
this crime So I am a little bit like this I do
n't know how to explain this to you
because I think that this is the result of
translations not of a bad translation
what can I tell you what can I tell you family in front of
this the interpretation that I can
make thinking a little  What would be
logical is that uh is that the prosecutor
has seen this Post crime is that I do
n't understand the truth because it is
contradictory in itself no I mean in
this paragraph it tells you the prosecutor ratifies
the crimes that were already talked about okay And it
adds a new crime but
finally in the other paragraph it tells you
finally he is not accused of this crime
So here the interpretation that I
can make that I think this is about and
this is the result of again the bad
translations is that many times these
translations I think are going
from Thai to English and from English to
Spanish try Google and you will see
what you get no uh Let's see I don't know I think
that what there is here is that the
prosecution is accusing him Okay or
yes he sees this crime as possible but
maybe there is no charge based on it
because he is hiding the body and
the body includes the
documentation it's that I don't know I
think that Daniel for example not
only the documentation but it was
said that the cell
phone itself ewin also loses it
uh he hides it on purpose So that
would be a concealment of  evidence of
important evidence that could have
calls audios and messages in which we
could know a little more about the
story the documentation eh I do not understand
why I do not understand why it is
punishable eh the documentation not that it is
hidden or that the
documentation is hidden specifically I believe that
this like the mobile phone
should be considered depending on whether it is
evidence of the crime or not Not to be
considered a crime or not but well I
imagine it will have its logic family I
will explain more in the next video a
huge kiss I love you very much do not
forget to subscribe do not forget to
like and I want your opinion and your
interpretation of these two paragraphs
above all okay that I have
doubts bye
bye